docs(content-switcher): adds content switcher code docs (#1223)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/content-switcher/code.mdx

| selectedIndex | `number`                     | –        | 0           | Specify a selected index for the initially selected content                                              |
| selectionMode | oneOf 'automatic' / 'manual' | –        | 'automatic' | Choose whether or not to automatically change selection on focus                                         |
| children      | `node`                       | `true`   | –           | Pass in Switch components to be rendered in the ContentSwitcher                                          |
| className     | `string`                     | –        | –           | Specify an optional className to be added to the container node                                          |
| onChange      | `func`                       | 'true'   | –           | Specify an `onChange` handler that is called whenever the ContentSwitcher changes which item is selected |

### ContentSwitcher selectedIndex

You can control which item is selected for the content switcher by using the `selectedIndex` prop.

> ```jsx
> <ContentSwitcher selectedIndex={1}>
>   <Switch
>     onClick={function noRefCheck() {}}
>     onKeyDown={function noRefCheck() {}}
>     text="First section"
>   />
>   <Switch
>     onClick={function noRefCheck() {}}
>     onKeyDown={function noRefCheck() {}}
>     text="Second section"
>   />
>   <Switch
>     onClick={function noRefCheck() {}}
>     onKeyDown={function noRefCheck() {}}
>     text="Third section"
>   />
> </ContentSwitcher>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
<ContentSwitcher selectedIndex={1}>
  <Switch text="First section" />
  <Switch text="Second section" />
  <Switch text="Third section" />
</ContentSwitcher>
```
```

tabs: ["Usage", "Style", "Code", "Accessibility"]
---

<PageDescription>

> How to build a content switcher using React. For code usage with other frameworks, please follow the links in the [live demo](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/content-switcher/usage#live-demo).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How to build a content switcher using React. For code usage with other frameworks, please follow the links in the live demo on the usage tab.
```

Author: oh yes good call i forgot to update that thanks

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Component API</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Accessibility considerations</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

You can build content switcher by using a combination of the `ContentSwitcher` and `Switch` components. The `ContentSwitcher` components accepts a list of `Switch` components as children and each `Switch` is responsible for displaying the section heading.

You can configure the `Switch` heading using the `text` prop.

```jsx
import { ContentSwitcher, Switch } from "carbon-components-react";

function MyComponent() {
  return (

>     <ContentSwitcher onChange={function noRefCheck() {}}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <ContentSwitcher>
```

      <Switch

>         onClick={function noRefCheck() {}}
>         onKeyDown={function noRefCheck() {}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| ------------- | ---------------------------- | -------- | ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| selectedIndex | `number`                     | –        | 0           | Specify a selected index for the initially selected content                                              |
| selectionMode | oneOf 'automatic' / 'manual' | –        | 'automatic' | Choose whether or not to automatically change selection on focus                                         |
| children      | `node`                       | `true`   | –           | Pass in Switch components to be rendered in the ContentSwitcher                                          |
| className     | `string`                     | –        | –           | Specify an optional className to be added to the container node                                          |
| onChange      | `func`                       | 'true'   | –           | Specify an `onChange` handler that is called whenever the ContentSwitcher changes which item is selected |

### ContentSwitcher selectedIndex

> You can render the content switcher with a different section automatically selected by using `selectedIndex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control which item is selected for the content switcher by using the `selectedIndex` prop.
```

Might help to use "control" as the terminology since this is a controlled component case.

```jsx

> <ContentSwitcher onChange={function noRefCheck() {}} selectedIndex={1}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ContentSwitcher selectedIndex={1}>
```

The `selected` is used to specify weather the specific `Switch` is selected.

```jsx
<ContentSwitcher onChange={function noRefCheck() {}} selectionMode="manual">
  <Switch
    selected={false}
    onClick={function noRefCheck() {}}
    onKeyDown={function noRefCheck() {}}
    text="First section"
  />
  <Switch
    selected={false}
    onClick={function noRefCheck() {}}
    onKeyDown={function noRefCheck() {}}
    text="Second section"
  />
  <Switch
    selected={false}
    onClick={function noRefCheck() {}}
    onKeyDown={function noRefCheck() {}}
    text="Third section"
  />
</ContentSwitcher>
```

### Switch text

The `text` prop is used to provide the label displayed within a `Switch` component.

```jsx
<ContentSwitcher onChange={function noRefCheck() {}} selectionMode="manual">
  <Switch
    onClick={function noRefCheck() {}}
    onKeyDown={function noRefCheck() {}}
    text="First section"
  />
  <Switch
    onClick={function noRefCheck() {}}
    onKeyDown={function noRefCheck() {}}
    text="Second section"
  />
  <Switch
    onClick={function noRefCheck() {}}
    onKeyDown={function noRefCheck() {}}
    text="Third section"
  />
</ContentSwitcher>
```

## References

> Each section component itself is rendered as a `button` and is considered an interactive element. If you render an interactive element inside of this component, then it becomes nested inside of the `button`. Common examples of this are links. Rendering interactive content inside of the `Switch` is not reachable via a keyboard or screen reader.

Reviewer 3: Is section here supposed to be `Switch`? 

Also, for the last sentence, since interactive content is not reachable via a keyboard or screen reader, should we add something like

> Rendering interactive content inside of the `Switch` is not reachable via a keyboard or screen reader, so we do not recommend this

Author: Yes thats a good addition.

## Feedback

> Help us improve this component by providing feedback, asking questions, and leaving any other comments on GitHub.

Reviewer: I think this section is missing the full form:

```
## Feedback

Help us improve this component by providing feedback, asking questions, and leaving any other comments on [GitHub](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/issues/new?assignees=&labels=feedback&template=feedback.md).
```
